hello and welcome to celebrity reviews
well I've just gotten over the trauma
that Fred the movie left me with and now
I'm going to take the first step to
resolving that tonight I'm going to
review the new Harry Potter movie with
my guest appearance by Dobby the
house-elf well let's get started
okay well Dobby I'm just gonna cut right
to the chase why did you make me watch
that movie Dobby is very sorry for
giving perfect in the film Dobby had to
iron his hands that's kind of a cruel
punishment you gave yourself man um I'm
sorry man
I'll forgive you for that but just never
ever suggest a movie to me again Dobby
is also sorry about all the negative
comments he left wait
all those poorly poorly spelled and
written comments those were you well do
you see don't be isn't really a
house-elf
Dobby is really a house troll alright
that's it get out of my office Dobby
this interview is over
alright now you guys want to know what I
think about the Harry Potter movie well
it's a little bit like this Harry Potter
and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 is a
pretty average installment into the
series it's like the middle movie not as
good as some of them but better than
others there are some scenes that are
very out of place and the tone of the
movie is pretty inconsistent but aside
from that it does a really good job of
telling the story the effects are fun
the characters as always are well
portrayed and it's just a fun experience
my final score for this movie is a 7 out
of 10 and that's my review and also be
sure to check in and around Christmas
time in a couple weeks when I'll be
reviewing the Santa Clause - that's kind
of an unnecessary sequel all right this
is perfect 10 signing out